1. go modules

A common convention for go modules is to base the module path on a URL we own, so that it will be unique.

if we are making a project for others to be used, then module path should be equal to the location the code can be downloaded from.

--

so basically the 3 basic things for a web application are:

1. Handlers - handlers are like controllers in MVC architecture, 
2. Mux/router - it maintains a mapping between URL routing patterns and the handlers.
3. Web server - go has an inbuilt webserver, we don't have to rely on external ones like nginx, apache, caddy


http.ResponseWriter provides methods fro assembling a HTTP Response

*http.Request is a pointer to a struct which holds information about the current request.


go servermux treats the route pattern "/" like a catch all, 

Network addresses:

We have to pass the address in the format of "host:port" to http.ListenAndServe(),

if host is not present (":4000") then server will listen on computers all available interfaces.

And also intead of a port we can pass like ":http" or ":http-alt", in this case it will resolve based on /etc/services file


--

Trailing slashes in route patterns
Go's servemux has different matching rules depending on whether a route pattern ends with a trailing slash or not


when a pattern doesn't have a trailing slash, it will only be matched.

when a route pattern ends with a trailing slash like "/" or "/static/" - it is called as subtree path pattern, they are matched whenever the start of a request URL path matches the subtree path. 


To restrict subtree paths, we can append the special character {$} to the end of the pattern.

Request URL paths are automatically sanitized. If the request path contains any . or .. elements or repeated slasher, the user will be automatically redirected to an equivalent clean URL.

If a subtree path has been registered and a request is received for that subtee path without a trailing slash, then the user will be automatically sent a 301 permanent redirect to the subtee path with the slash added.

host name matching:
- It's possible to include host names in the route patterns, which is useful if we have to redirect all HTTP requests to a canonical URL or the app is acting as backend fro multiple sites or services.

In go http.HandleFunc(), allows us to register routes without explicitly declaring a servermux, which uses the default server mux 
but it is suggested to use locally scoped servermux, as default servemux is globally scoped.

http.DefaultServeMux - 


Wildcard route patterns :=

